(blood drop dripping)
(magic whooshing)
- We've really been
through a lot, haven't we?
So many, many things.
You had your fair share of
pathetic moments at the start;
often being the butt
of peoples' jokes.
Even after you grew a little
stronger, someone tougher
was always standing in your way.
It was a constant ordeal.
Hardly a day went by
when you weren't injured.
There were some rough times.
Moments I thought
you might break down.
Even moments I feared you
would be swallowed by despair.
Moments that looked like
you were down for the count,
but you never stopped
wishing for it.
Ever.
Wishing to be a hero.
Wishing to be stronger.
You kept saying it
over and over.
Striving to reach your goal.
To keep on fighting.
To uphold your promises.
You surmounted countless
adversities,
and now just look at
how far you've come.
(triumphant music)
(magic whirring)
Congrats, Bell. Good job.
You've ranked up again.
(soft music)
Tell me, the black
Minotaur that you fought,
was it really strong?
- Very.
- Bell fought through
the Battle of Knossos
and protected the Xenos.
Generally speaking that feat
alone could have made him
worthy enough for a rank up.
But to be honest,
it was his defeat that
was the most meaningful.
The frustration that he felt
is actually what pushed Bell's
status to the next stage.
(Hestia sipping)
Oh, Vesta...
- Huh?
(Hestia giggles)
- Oh, don't worry about it.
Seeing you in this moment just
made me feel like saying that.
It's just a symbol of all
the things that I preside over,
and a title too, and
another name that I go by.
- Your name's Vesta?
- Mhm. It has the meaning
of perpetual flame.
- I take it your injuries
have all healed cleanly,
Bell Cranel.
- They have. Thanks, again.
- I hear that you have
reached level four,
and I see the expression
on your face has changed
a great deal.
- You think so?
- Indeed.
Although that is coming from
someone who has no eyes.
Tell me, have you decided what
your next course
of action will be?
- Yes. I'm going to start
exploring the dungeon again.
To get stronger.
- It sounds as though
you are committed.
However, I detect a slight
hesitation under the surface.
(Bell gasps)
Until the deepest level of
the dungeon is conquered,
coexistence between humanity
and the Xenos is impossible.
It matters not how much
Ouranos and I strive to help.
The future we wish for
will never come as long
as that feat remains
unaccomplished.
If you want to act with the
Xenos' best interest at heart,
then please push forward, Bell
Cranel.
- Tell me honestly,
what's at the bottom
of the dungeon?
- A covenant forged long ago,
as well as a conclusion.
- Dear Miss Eina, I, Luvis,
shall now gallantly venture
down to the lower floors of the
dungeon and resolve a quest.
- Oh, shut up!
You're interrupting
our precious personal time
before I go save the day!
Eina, my dearest, I'll
bring you a nice gift
from the lower floors
after I complete my quest.
- Oh, don't even try it,
you smelly dwarf!
You won't even get past
the front gates!
- Stop it in your pointy
ear, you stupid elf!
You'll get whatever's left
over when I'm all finished up.
- Pardon me, Mr. Luvis,
and Mr. Dormul,
quests on the lower floors
can be especially dangerous
for adventurers.
So I wish you a safe journey.
- Oh, thank you so much, Eina,
my love!
- Come on, she was clearly
talking to me, you trash heap.
- [Dormul] Say that again and
I'll break your pointy nose!
- [Luvis] Just try it!
- Well, hello, Bell.
- Wait, is that who
I think it is?
- It's the little rookie.
- Oh, sorry.
I'm happy to wait if you're
in the middle of something.
- It's fine, I'm the one
who asked you to come.
- Ah!
Right. Here you go.
- What the?
Is that what I think it is?
- Wait, what? She giving
him a love letter?
- Miss Eina, isn't this a-
- It is. It's an
official one this time.
A directive for the Hestia
Familia straight from the guild.
(both grumbling)
- Geez, another mission already?
I swear, we just got done
handling all that Xeno stuff
and here they come dumping
another compulsory mission
on our heads.
The nerve of them.
- I mean, what do you
really expect?
That was all done
under the table.
I suppose we could always look
on the bright side
of things though.
Our familia is strong enough
to be considered for missions.
Although, it's mainly
thanks to Master Bell.
- Ah phooey! I wouldn't have
registered us for an exploration
if I knew they'd
give us this crap.
I figured it was the best
choice since the application
process was easy
and people said
we'd get all sorts of
preferential treatment.
- So that was the
reason you picked it?
- Oh, don't give me a hard time!
Nobody could have ever imagined
that we would get as strong
as we are so fast!
- Well, this does kind of work
out perfectly, right, Bell?
- Yeah! This'll work out nicely.
I wanted to go back to
the dungeon anyway.
- And wouldn't you know
it, I've already whipped up
new equipment for
the whole team.
The guild didn't even
have to bother.
We are good to go.
- The mission itself is
about what you would expect.
We have to go down and break
our previous floor record,
and then return with
the number of items
that they requested.
Seems like a standard
expedition.
But, that does leave us with
some options.
Either we simply accomplish
the goals they've given us
or do more.
- Personally, I want to press
further on.
I want to do it for
Wiene and the Xenos.
And for our own benefit.
I want us all to get stronger.
- That settles that.
- Great!
Then we should reach out Take
and Miach to provide
some backup. We will
form a united front.
- A united front, huh?
If you say so.
- This isn't just a mission,
it's an expedition to gain
some strength, so the
more allies, the better.
We're all going to press
on together, right?
Then let's make it happen.
Sound good?
- [Welf] Oh yeah!
- [Liliruca] Okay!
- [Takemikazuchi] I
see. An expedition, eh?
- Yes. And as a member
of the Hestia Familia,
I am here to humbly
request your support.
- Despite the clear
risk that are involved,
I have no objections to offering
Hestia assistance in this case.
What do the two of
you think about it?
- I feel exactly the same.
Plus we owe them a debt that
we haven't fully paid back yet.
- Same for me.
I would very much like
to accompany you both.
- In which case, it's
best to be fully prepared.
Care for a round or two?
Been a while since we last
sparred.
- Sure.
- All right, which members of
the Miach Familia can join us
on the expedition?
- Cassandra and myself, and
our captain said she's going
to provide logistical support,
like securing items and such.
- Sounds good. So how should
we fit you into the formation?
- Well, back when I was
in the Apollon Familia,
I did odd jobs in
the middle guard.
Cassandra should go
to the rear guard,
since she's a healer
she'll be best there,
and you can bet she's going to
be way more useful than I am.
- Oh my gosh, that's mighty
kind of you to say, Daphne.
- Now don't get
all blushy about it.
Is that a list of everyone
who's going to be in the party?
- That's right. In addition
to our usual members,
we have Ouka
and Chigusa, given to us
by Master Takemikazuchi.
And Lady Aisha too.
- Not that Aisha!
As in Aisha Belka, former
member of Ishtar Familia?
- Antianeira?
- Uh huh.
I don't know how she found out,
but she suddenly came
marching up to
our door recently.
- So I hear you're going
on an expedition.
You guys should
take me with you.
- We had no reason to refuse,
so we wound up adding
her to the roster.
But with a battle formation
that includes two level fours
the discussion shifted to
how easily we could pass
the middle floors and go
deeper into the dungeon.
- I figured it
would be like that.
It would be a waste
to form a huge party
for something simple.
- That's right.
And the plan was always
to adventure as far as we
possibly could, of course.
- That makes things
difficult for you.
A level one supporter will
be the first one to die
once we hit the lower levels.
(Liliruca gasps)
- Hey! Don't say that!
- Whatever, why not?
I'm just telling the truth.
But if she insists on
coming along no matter what
then we'll just have to
find a compromise somehow.
Well, you're not going to fight.
Instead, issue orders.
You'll help guide the
battle while being safe
in the rear guard.
Basically a strategist.
I'm not fond of the role
because I was forced into it
a few times, but having someone
in the back who keeps track
of the bigger picture is really
important.
- And that's a thing
that I can do?
- Yep. Exactly what Finn
of the Loki Familia does.
Except everybody knows that
he's also ridiculously strong.
During the war games, I got
frustrated when you totally
outwitted us.
I think you've got the talent
for it.
And if you're willing to try,
I'll teach you all the basics
that you need to know.
- [Liliruca] Yes, please!
(Mikoto yelling)
- Foolish.
(Mikoto thuds)
- Mikoto!
- Some say the majority of
adventurers are too preoccupied
with their status.
I tend to agree.
Even someone with a normal
physique like me can compete
with you on an equal level
just by mastering martial arts.
It comes down to
techniques and tactics.
Status doesn't improve
things in a single day.
However.
- Techniques and
tactics do, correct?
- Yep.
That being said, don't expect
to master techniques with ease.
You will need energy and effort
and conviction to see things
through to the end.
Only then do you stand
a chance of pulling it off.
- I see.
Makes sense.
What I desire is technique
that can oppose the powerful,
and immense strength to
help us survive adventures.
- Well then, Mikoto, Chigusa,
you should learn exactly that.
By unleashing your
techniques with proper timing
and proper breath control,
you can hurl even the heaviest
of giants and slice through
the hardest of bodies.
You have both grown beyond who
you were back in the far East.
Get ready, I shall give you a
lesson on what I could never
teach you back then.
Come!
(both grunt)
(both yelling)
(hammer clanging)
(Ouka clearing throat)
- Well, hey there, big fella.
What can I do for you?
- Mikoto told us
about your expedition.
Chigusa and I will
be joining you.
- You came just to tell me that?
- No.
I wanted to talk to you.
This is new territory for us
too.
I would like to
prepare however I can.
- So what, you want me to
coach you or something?
Won't do much good.
- Yes. I know that.
- I'm a blacksmith, and right
now I'm helping my friends
by making sure they're armed
with the highest
quality equipment.
I'm already doing
everything I can,
so I don't have time to waste-
- I need a weapon.
(hammer clangs)
And I would like for
you to make it for me.
Please.
And I want the real deal.
A weapon I can use to keep
Chigusa and Haruhime safe.
- Well, I'm good,
but I'm very expensive.
- How about a discount?
(Welf grunts)
- Son of a!
(curtain fluttering)
- Pardon.
Miss Aisha?
(sitar music)
May I please ask you
what we are doing?
I mean, why did you close
everything up?
- That should be
quite obvious, Haruhime.
I am putting you through
a special drill.
- What is she talking about?
Um, special how?
- You heard me.
You are the biggest pushover
out of everyone who's going
on the expedition.
You know that, don't you?
- Oh.
- If you can only provide one
level boost you're honestly
going to be a burden.
- Maybe true.
However, I don't have the
ability to fight
like Mikoto and all the others.
- Nobody is expecting a sorcerer
to start throwing punches.
Casting magic is your talent.
- Okay, so should
I refine my magic?
- Not quite. You are going to
learn a new magic instead.
- But how?
Learning new magic
is a complicated
and time consuming process.
(book thuds)
- Well, we're going to take
the easy route and force it out.
- What is that?
- It's a grimoire.
- The Great Falls.
It's a gigantic waterfall
that's located on the first
of the lower floors, the 25th.
It continues down through
multiple levels and ends
on the 27th.
- Is that so?
You're amazing, Bell.
- Huh?
- Most people I know prepare
to explore new floors
by brushing up on their
battle strategies, but
here you are spending time
gathering up information,
like it's not even
a big deal for you.
It's just like you're a
first class adventurer.
- I realized something.
The true meaning behind all
the lessons you've given me.
This knowledge is vital.
It could be exactly what keeps
our party safe on a new floor.
And so, I'm trying
to do everything
I can to prepare myself.
- Oh, Bell.
Only a few months have past
since we first met each other,
but he's really grown up.
His admiration for
Lady Wallenstein
has gradually led
him to new heights.
Now he can even fight
against powerful monsters
like that Minotaur.
I don't have it in me to
ask any of the details,
but it's crazy how much
people like him change,
and in such a short time.
- [Bell] Miss Eina.
- Huh? Yes, what is it?
- [Bell] I'm curious about
the monsters that appear
in this area near
the Great Falls.
- The most dangerous
one is this;
a flying monster
known as Iguazu?
It's recommended that
you flee at all costs,
even if that means
ditching your belongings.
This is bad.
That thing's extremely deadly,
Bell.
I think I may be falling head
over heels.
- Hear me out.
Dunno how to describe it, but
I get this feeling some sort
of bittersweet aura is
encroaching on Bell right now.
Or maybe it's the hooch.
- It's definitely that.
- Indeed. Forget it
and drink up.
- Again, I'm really
grateful you agreed
to work with us
on the expedition.
Thanks, Take.
You too, Miach, and Hephaistos.
- Don't mention it, Hestia.
I'm glad to.
Anything to help out a good
friend like you, of course.
- I agree. Besides, we'll
be asking you for help
in return eventually.
It's give and take.
- As you requested, I'll
send some blacksmiths over
to watch your home for you.
All I did was mention they
could see Welf's workshop,
you know, then I was up
to my neck in volunteers.
It was funny.
- I appreciate it.
Otherwise I'd be stuck at home
and wouldn't be
able to go to work.
- No kidding. But asking me
to provide house sitters
so you can repay
your debt doesn't
really balance out.
(Hestia stammering)
(both chuckling)
- But I must say, I'm honestly
a little bit
embarrassed being here.
We're drinking at a bar, leaving
the prep to our children.
That's not very fair, is it?
- But what else am
I supposed to do?
They're always on
top of everything.
I'm literally the only one
left with nothing to do.
- Oh, Hestia, I can relate.
Why today, I just learned
those of my Familia
have really grown.
They gave me some
bruises to prove it.
- [Miach] Naza has also made
great strides in improving
her pharmaceutical
mixing skills.
She seemed very keen on
developing a new potion
before the expedition
for Bell's sake.
- Guess all kids grow up,
and they need less and less
of my help.
That's a bittersweet reality,
isn't it?
- [Takemikazuchi] Why
the long face, Hestia?
Let me guess, you're
feeling lonely.
- Oh, of course!
I can't go into the dungeon
with them after all!
Who wouldn't be lonely?
- Sure, but you must be equally
as proud of them, right?
- Yeah! You're totally
right on that, Hephaistos!
I don't know if it's called
happiness,
or maybe it's called pride,
but it makes my heart
feel all warm and fuzzy.
Bell used to be such a cry
baby and now he's turned into
a super cool and
super brave hero.
A real dignified young man.
Gosh, I'm falling for
him all over again!
My heart's all aflutter!
(table thumps)
(Hestia laughs)
Bell is mine and I refuse
to let anyone else have him!
(Hestia laughing)
I love you, Bell!
To be honest, I'm not
without my concerns
about the expedition.
After all, Bell and the others
are doing it to
bolster their strength.
This is hard to say after
we invited your children
to join us, but it's
going to be risky.
Even so, I have faith.
Bell can do it.
I know my familia has
what it takes to rise
to the challenge.
- Indeed.
They're a talented bunch.
- Yes.
I am certain that they will.
- They're going to be just fine.
- Alrighty.
Here's to a successful
adventure for our children.
(mugs thumping)
- [All] Cheers!
(soft music)
(Haruhime panting)
- Pardon me, Master Welf is
asking if we can wait longer.
- Seriously? I told him
to be here on the dot.
What about Lady Daphne
and Lady Cassandra?
- They're coming.
They were busy arguing
about something this morning,
so we left before them.
- They should be here
just about any moment now.
- Hope you're right.
- What a complete mess.
We're having trouble before
the expedition begins.
And here I thought I would
be the last one here.
Rushed all this way for nothing.
- My apologies.
- [Daphne] Sorry we're late!
- I'm so sorry!
- Are you two all right?
- You're not going
to believe it;
the big day finally comes and
Cassandra suddenly tells me
she doesn't want to go anymore.
- Well, there's a reason,
I had another dream.
This disgusting green moss
was trying to swallow up
a ton of people.
So please consider it.
Can we cancel or perhaps
postpone the expedition?
- No can do.
I'm sorry.
- I figured as much.
(Daphne groaning)
(Cassandra whimpering)
- Please, we know we're
bound to run into trouble.
It's expected.
But isn't that what an
adventurer is all about?
- [Cassandra] Yeah.
- Sorry, guys, everybody ready?
(light music)
- Is this it?
The weapon I asked for?
- Yeah. Better earn enough on
this expedition to pay it off.
- Oh!
This is a real masterpiece.
- Yeah. Damn straight it is.
Bell, this one's for you.
It's a new weapon that I
made from unicorn horn.
I call it the Hakugen.
- Hakugen?
(blade rings)
So light!
- I was working down
to the last minute,
but definitely one of my best.
Put it to good use.
- Thank you so much, Welf.
Okay everyone, it's time to go!
- We'll handle things here.
Give 'em hell.
- [Hephaistos] Be
careful out there.
- [Miach] And don't
do anything crazy.
- Remember, always keep
your guard up, okay?
- Will do.
- Give it all you got.
- Right!
Goodbye for now.
(rock music begins)
(insects screeching)
(sword slicing)
- Watch out!
(magic thundering)
More enemies in coming
from two o'clock!
(shield clanging)
- Hey, big guy!
(ax thundering)
(Ouka grunting)
(arrows thumping)
(sword slicing)
- Damn! They just keep coming.
- Here I go!
(dagger slicing)
(Bell grunting)
- Master Bell, over there!
Take out the nest!
(Bell yelling)
(rock music continues)
- Fire bolt!
(fire exploding)
- Holy crap.
- Oh, wow.
So this is level four.
(creature stomping)
- [Bell] Next time:
the Great Falls.